Add info about how Candid is not required (#2579)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/smart-contracts/candid/candid-howto.mdx

# Overview

As discussed in the [Candid concepts](./candid-concepts.mdx) page, Candid provides a language-agnostic way to interact with canisters.

:::info

> While Candid can be used to facilitate inter-operation between services and canisters, it is not required. Arbitrary bytes can be sent directly to and from canisters if all canisters part of the communication stream are designed to understand them (such that they are written in the same language, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Candid is a robust, type safe, and future-proof way to facilitate communication between canisters, it is not required. Arbitrary bytes can be exchanged if all canisters that are part of the communication stream are designed to understand them (such that they are using the same underlying protocol, written in the same language, etc.).
```
